hi guys it's been from PMT here bringing
you exclusive demo of the orange Rock of
herb 50 head brand new from Orange the
mark 3 version of the rock of their
comes in three different formats a
hundred watt had a 50 watt head at a 50
watt combo to buy 12 they've tweaked it
made some requirements to it from the
last one which was a killer app I hope
the new obstacle vintage logo see here
picture on it it's up here they've got
rid of the right int give it that kind
of vintage spec clean channel we've got
rid of the mid it's just the treble
under base on there it sounds absolutely
beautiful the game structure is similar
to the last amp you nothing from crunch
to super high gain 3-band eq the main
difference on this app it did not the
addition of the attenuator which is
really really cool means you can use it
a bedroom volume you can use it on stage
the boost with the addition of the
footswitch really really cool and then
also change to spring reverb very very
nice adding reverb works really really
well and each one of these knobs now is
kind of has like a notched effect on it
so as you turn it you can kind of feel
it as you're going around i think they
said their survive 21 different notches
so one for the games but they feel
really really nice you can also switch
down a half power 50 watts or 25 watts
so we give you a demo place and cleans
for crunch and some lead I've brought in
my original 66 gibson SG junior do demos
with hope you enjoy
you
ma
mmm
I